Spaghetti alla Carbonara	25	336	4	close_up_photography_of_pasta_with_white_sauce_2703468	36	48	16	"1 pound dry spaghetti: 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil: 4 ounces pancetta or slab bacon, cubed or sliced into small strips: 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped: 2 large eggs: 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, plus more for serving: Freshly ground black pepper: 1 handful fresh flat-leaf parsley, chopped"	"Prepare the sauce while the pasta is cooking to ensure that the spaghetti will be hot and ready when the sauce is finished; it is very important that the pasta is hot when adding the egg mixture, so that the heat of the pasta cooks the raw eggs in the sauce.: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add the pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until tender yet firm (as they say in Italian ""al dente.""):Drain the pasta well, reserving 1/2 cup of the starchy cooking water to use in the sauce if you wish.:Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a deep skillet over medium flame. Add the pancetta and saute for about 3 minutes, until the bacon is crisp and the fat is rendered. Toss the garlic into the fat and saute for less than 1 minute to soften.: Add the hot, drained spaghetti to the pan and toss for 2 minutes to coat the strands in the bacon fat.:Beat the eggs and Parmesan together in a mixing bowl, stirring well to prevent lumps.:Remove the pan from the heat and pour the egg/cheese mixture into the pasta, whisking quickly until the eggs thicken, but do not scramble (this is done off the heat to ensure this does not happen.):Thin out the sauce with a bit of the reserved pasta water, until it reaches desired consistency.:Season the carbonara with several turns of freshly ground black pepper and taste for salt.:Mound the spaghetti carbonara into warm serving bowls and garnish with chopped parsley.:Pass more cheese around the table."	"Spaghetti pasta alla carbonara. Luscious and wonderfully indulgent, pasta carbonara takes as long to make as it does to cook the pasta. The ingredients are simple—just spaghetti (or other long pasta), and the carbonara is made with pancetta or bacon, eggs, Parmesan, a little olive oil, salt and pepper. The silky carbonara sauce is created when the beaten eggs are tossed with the hot pasta and a little fat from the pancetta or bacon. Did I already mention indulgent? Yes, this is not a make-it-everyday recipe. This is an I’ve-been-eating-my-kale-for-weeks-and-now-I-want-to-splurge recipe. But heck, if you are going to splurge, you may as well do it right with pasta carbonara."	https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/tyler-florence/spaghetti-alla-carbonara-recipe-1914140	italian	lunch:dinner
Chow Fun (Fan)	45	1082	4	cooked_rice_on_black_ceramic_plate_723198	53	18	130	"2 chicken breast halves, boneless, skinned:1 tsp garlic salt:2 teaspoons sherry:2 teaspoons cornstarch:1 lb shrimp:3 tbsp vegetable oil:1 large onion:2 celery stalks:1 tbsy soy sauce:1/2 lb mushrooms:3 garlic cloves:4 cups of rice:6 oz of ham:8 oz of snow pea pods:2 large eggs"	"Cut boned chicken into ½ squares; place in a bowl and sprinkle with half the garlic salt, half the sherry and half the cornstarch.:Cut the peeled shrimp into pieces 1 inch long.:Put them in a bowl with the rest of the garlic salt, sherry and cornstarch.:Heat 2 tablespoon oil over high heat in a wok or large pan.:Add onions and celery and stir-fry for 2 minutes.:Add soy sauce; reduce heat to medium, cover and steam one minute.:Add mushrooms, cover and steam 2 more minutes.:Remove mixture to a large bowl.:Add remaining oil to wok, reduce heat to low and add ginger and garlic.:Brown lightly, stirring constantly to avoid burning.:Add chicken and shrimp.:Stir-fry two minutes, or until shrimp are pink and opaque.:Add cooked rice, onion mixture and ham.:Stir until hot.:Remove from heat, put into a storage container and chill overnight.:When ready to serve, reheat in a wok or large pot.:Stir in snow peas and cook two minutes.:Make a well in the center of the wok and stir in the beaten eggs.:Stir them as they cook, about 3 minutes, so they scramble and mix with the other ingredients.:Cover and cook over medium heat another couple of minutes.:Serve at once."	"Definitely a five star recipe. It's quick, easy, and nutritious!"	https://recipeland.com/recipe/v/chow-fun-fan-41172	chinese	lunch:dinner
Easy Indian Butter Chicken	60	880	6	bread_with_soup_2474661	12.8	26.4	82.3	"1 cup butter, divided:1 onion,minced:1 tablespoon minced garlic:1 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce:3 cups heavy cream:2 teaspoons salt:1 teaspoon cayenne pepper:1 teaspoon garam masala:1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into bite-sized chunks:2 tablespoons vegetable oil:2 tablespoons tandoori masala"	"Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).:Melt a few tablespoons of butter in a skillet over medium heat.: Stir in onion and garlic, and cook slowly until the onion caramelizes to a dark brown, about 15 minutes.:Meanwhile melt the remaining butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat along with the tomato sauce, heavy cream, salt, cayenne pepper, and garam masala.:Bring to a simmer, then reduce heat to medium-low; cover, and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Then stir in caramelized onions.:While the sauce is simmering, toss cubed chicken breast with vegetable oil until coated, then season with tandoori masala and spread out onto a baking sheet.:Bake chicken in preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, about 12 minutes. Once done, add the chicken to the sauce and simmer for 5 minutes before serving."	This is a recipe I have perfected over the years and passed onto many others. The sauce is perfect when creamy and not too thick or too thin. The level of salt and spices can be suited to your taste. Garam and tandoori masala can be found in the ethnic aisle of your grocery store.	https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/141169/easy-indian-butter-chicken/	indian	dinner
Shrimp Pad Thai	35	286	4	pad_thai	27.5	12.5	16	"1/4 cup (60 ml) chicken broth or water:3 tbsp (45 ml) rice vinegar:3 tbsp (45 ml) crunchy peanut butter:2 tbsp sugar:2 tbsp (30 ml) lime juice:1 tbsp (15 ml) fish sauce:1/2 lb (225 g) raw medium shrimp, peeled and halved lengthwise:2 tbsp (30 ml) soy sauce:1/2 lb (225 g) wide rice noodles:6 green onions, thinly sliced (white and green parts separated):4 garlic cloves, finely chopped:1 tbsp fresh ginger, finely chopped:1 tsp (5 ml) sambal oelek:2 tbsp (30 ml) vegetable oil:1 egg, lightly beaten:3 cups (225 g) bean sprouts:Unsalted peanuts, toasted and chopped (optional):Lime wedges (optional)"	"In a bowl, combine the chicken broth, rice vinegar, peanut butter, sugar, lime juice, and fish sauce to make the peanut sauce. Set aside.:In another bowl, combine the shrimp with the soy sauce. Refrigerate.:Place the noodles in a large bowl of boiling water. Let soak for 10 minutes; the noodles should be very al dente. Rinse and drain. Set aside.:In a wok or large skillet over medium-high heat, soften the white parts of the onions, the garlic and ginger with the sambal oelek in the oil.:Add the peanut sauce, egg, shrimp mixture and noodles. Cook for 3 minutes, stirring until the shrimp are cooked through and the sauce coats the noodles. Adjust the seasoning. Add more chicken broth, if needed. Sprinkle with the bean sprouts and the green parts of the onions. Serve with peanuts and lime wedges, if desired."	"Great for when you have cravings for south Asian flavours! It has a diverse mix of sweet, salty, and spicy flavours without a lot of hassle."	https://www.ricardocuisine.com/en/recipes/5667-shrimp-pad-thai	thai	dinner
The Classic Burger	30	480	4	burger2	37	23	31	"1 pound ground lean (7% fat) beef:1 large egg:1/2 cup minced onion:1/4 cup fine dried bread crumbs:1 tablespoon Worcestershire:1 or 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced:About 1/2 teaspoon salt:About 1/4 teaspoon pepper:4 hamburger buns (4 in. wide), split: About 1/4 cup mayonnaise"	"In a bowl, mix ground beef, egg, onion, bread crumbs, Worcestershire, garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper until well blended. Divide mixture into four equal portions and shape each into a patty about 4 inches wide.:Lay burgers on an oiled barbecue grill over a solid bed of hot coals or high heat on a gas grill (you can hold your hand at grill level only 2 to 3 seconds); close lid on gas grill. Cook burgers, turning once, until browned on both sides and no longer pink inside (cut to test), 7 to 8 minutes total. Remove from grill.:Lay buns, cut side down, on grill and cook until lightly toasted, 30 seconds to 1 minute.:Spread mayonnaise and ketchup on bun bottoms. Add lettuce, tomato, burger, onion, and salt and pepper to taste. Set bun tops in place."	"Sink your teeth into a delicious restaurant-style, hamburger recipe made from lean beef. Skip the prepackaged patties and take the extra time to craft up your own, and that little extra effort will be worth it. "	https://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/classic-burger	american	lunch:dinner
Homemade Mac and Cheese	50	858	4	close_up_photography_of_baked_mac_806357	66.7	48.7	37.7	8 ounces uncooked elbow macaroni:2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese:1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese:3 cups milk:1/4 cup butter:2 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour:2 tablespoons butter:1/2 cup bread crumbs:1 pinch paprika	"Cook macaroni according to the package directions. Drain.:In a saucepan, melt butter or margarine over medium heat. Stir in enough flour to make a roux. Add milk to roux slowly, stirring constantly. Stir in cheeses, and cook over low heat until cheese is melted and the sauce is a little thick. Put macaroni in large casserole dish, and pour sauce over macaroni. Stir well.:Melt butter or margarine in a skillet over medium heat. Add breadcrumbs and brown. Spread over the macaroni and cheese to cover. Sprinkle with a little paprika.:Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Serve."	This is a nice rich mac and cheese. Serve with a salad for a great meatless dinner. Hope you enjoy it.	https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11679/homemade-mac-and-cheese/	american	lunch
Mongolian Beef	15	246	2	mongolian_beef_thumb_323x323	12	52	33	"2 tablespoons oil:12 oz beef tenderloin, thinly sliced:2 cloves garlic, minced:1 inch peeled ginger, thinly sliced:2 stalks scallions, cut into 2-inch strips:1 teaspoon cornstarch:1 tablespoon water:1 teaspoon Chinese rice wine or Shaoxing wine:2 teaspoons oyster sauce:1 tablespoon soy sauce:1/2 teaspoon dark soy sauce:3 dashes ground white pepper:1/4 teaspoon sesame oil:1 tablespoon sugar or to taste:salt to taste"	"Marinate the beef slices with the Marinade for 30 minutes. Heat up a wok with 1 tablespoon of oil and stir-fry the marinated beef until they are half-done. Dish out and set aside.:Heat up the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil and stir-fry the garlic and ginger until aromatic. Add the beef back into the wok and then the sauce. Continue to stir-fry until the beef slices are almost done, then add the scallions. Do a few quick stirs. dish out and serve hot."	The best healthy and homemade recipe that is better than Chinese takeout and PF Chang's. Make this super easy recipe at home today!	https://rasamalaysia.com/mongolian-beef-recipe/	chinese	lunch:dinner
Caprese Salad	60	248	8	caprese	13	17	8	"2 cups balsamic vinegar:3 ripe tomatoes:12 ounces fresh mozzarella, thickly sliced:Large bunch fresh basil leaves:Olive oil, for drizzling:Large pinch kosher salt:Large pinch freshly ground black pepper"	"Measure the balsamic vinegar and pour into a saucepan. Bring it to a gentle boil over a low heat. Cook it until the balsamic vinegar has reduced to a nice thick glaze (but still pourable), about 15 minutes. Oh and one other thing, your house will stink. But it's a good kind of stink, it's a vinegary stink. Allow the reduction to cool to room temperature before you serve it.:When you are ready to assemble the salad, cut the tomatoes into thick slices. Arrange them on a platter, alternating them with the mozzarella slices. Tuck the whole basil leaves in between the tomato and cheese slices.:Drizzle on the gorgeous, almost black balsamic reduction. Then drizzle olive oil in a thin stream over the top. Finally, sprinkle on salt and pepper.:You need this in your life. Make it today my friends."	No dish can taste as good with fewer ingredients. Try this quick and simple recipe.	foodnetwork.com/recipes/ree-drummond/caprese-salad-recipe-3381696#/	italian	breakfast:lunch:dinner
Beef Tacos	45	226	10	tacos	16.2	12.65	10.88	"1 tablespoon olive oil:1/2 yellow onion, diced:2 pounds ground beef:1/2 teaspoon chili powder:1/2 teaspoon cumin:1/2 teaspoon paprika:1/2 teaspoon salt:1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper:1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper20 fajita-sized flour tortillas:18 hard taco shells:1 pound Cheddar-Jack cheese, grated:15 Roma tomatoes, diced:1 head green leaf lettuce, shredded "	"Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.:For the beef: In a skillet over medium-high heat, add the olive oil and onions. Cook until starting to soften, then add the ground beef. Cook the meat until it's totally browned, then drain the fat. Add the chili powder, cumin, paprika, salt, black pepper and crushed red pepper and stir to combine. Add 1/2 cup hot water and stir. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes.:For the fixins: Meanwhile, wrap the flour tortillas in foil and warm in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes. Right before serving, crisp the taco shells in the oven according to package instructions.:Serve with the grated cheese, diced tomatoes and shredded lettuce."	It's Taco Tuesdays! A classic that is always great to enjoy.	https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/ree-drummond/beef-tacos-2632842	mexican	lunch:dinner
													
													
													
													
													
													
													
													
													
													
													
													
													
													
